What did you think would happen, Bigo?
That I would leave you alive and have a life with you yet or forever.
You stole my love.
My life from me!
That's never allowed you.
Never!
Poor Bigo.
Does love really matter?
You poisoned me because you can't face me.
Just as you couldn't in the past.
Yeah.
Isn't it?
It looks like you don't have much time to figure it out.
Do you?
My wife's blood stars.
That's a lie.
You die once.
You'll do it again.
It has all we told you tonight.
Time's up, you fucking freak.
It lost your own your way to hell.
It was me who deserved Maira.
It was me who deserved your life.
The invincible is no more.
Marcus's eternal reign begins.
Marcus?
Marcus, where are you?
What's going on? Are you okay?
I'm okay.
It's all done.
What? What do you mean?
I kill them.
We're finally rid of Count Vigo.
But what about the curse?
Good-bye, Count Vigo.
Good-bye, my barge enemy.
It will take months for you to rot and disappear.
And I will enjoy every fucking minute of it.
What's going on, where's Vigo?
Vigo the invincible is no more.
That curse of a bitch is gone forever.
Do you remember what happened the last time I heard of this, Marcus?
But choose Visor.
One fateful bitch.
Aah!
We're not here, we're exhausted.
Relax now.
We all have time to talk.
Vigo is gone.
Gone forever.
Do you understand?
You fucking ungrateful bitch.
Please bring him back.
There must be a way.
Tell me there is a way.
Stop humiliating yourself like a fucking human.
You're not one anymore.
I love him.
I love him so much and I remember everything now.
And I remember that I cannot live without him.
Shut up, Julietta.
The blood star is ours away and we are the only two left.
I'm making new markets.
If you do this, I'll be yours forever.
Stop begging.
It's too late now.
Don't you understand?
I never loved you and I never will.
You just killed him and I loved.
Again!
And passes.
And everyone changes.
All will be forgiven in time.
Let's say I'm trying to remind people of myself.
Ita sanguinis!
No sumus desirio!
Demon's scissors and it's killing me.
You're right.
It's only half a mile of antidote.
Fresh and clean blood.
I'm on it.
I call you when it's all done.
Don't mention it.
Am I dreaming again?
Our sleep forever.
Does love really matter?
You poisoned me because you can't face me.
Just as you couldn't in the past.
You turned.
I was scared.
I told I'd never see you again.
Nothing can separate us to the attack.
Not even yet.
It's only to begin to hear my love.